com/cakemanager/service/IndexService.java
 com.cakemanager.service.IndexService
com/cakemanager/model/OrderDetails.java
 com.cakemanager.model.OrderDetails
com/cakemanager/model/Product.java
 com.cakemanager.model.Product
com/cakemanager/controller/IndexServlet.java
 com.cakemanager.controller.IndexServlet
com/cakemanager/controller/LoginServlet.java
 com.cakemanager.controller.LoginServlet
com/cakemanager/model/Cart.java
 com.cakemanager.model.Cart
<<<<<<< HEAD
com/cakemanager/controller/CartServlet.java
 com.cakemanager.controller.CartServlet
com/cakemanager/service/CartService.java
 com.cakemanager.service.CartService
com/cakemanager/model/Orders.java
 com.cakemanager.model.Orders
com/cakemanager/service/DatabaseConection.java
 com.cakemanager.service.DatabaseConection
=======
com/cakemanager/service/IndexService.java
 com.cakemanager.service.IndexService
com/cakemanager/service/ICartService.java
 com.cakemanager.service.ICartService
com/cakemanager/model/Orders.java
 com.cakemanager.model.Orders
com/cakemanager/model/Customer.java
 com.cakemanager.model.Customer
>>>>>>> 2650f650a7580e348055d8662f478a9bed26c1e5
com/cakemanager/controller/RegisterServlet.java
 com.cakemanager.controller.RegisterServlet
com/cakemanager/model/Blog.java
 com.cakemanager.model.Blog
com/cakemanager/service/IIndexService.java
 com.cakemanager.service.IIndexService
com/cakemanager/model/Account.java
 com.cakemanager.model.Account
com/cakemanager/model/Category.java
 com.cakemanager.model.Category
com/cakemanager/service/DatabaseConection.java
 com.cakemanager.service.DatabaseConection
com/cakemanager/controller/LogoutServlet.java
 com.cakemanager.controller.LogoutServlet
com/cakemanager/service/LoginService.java
 com.cakemanager.service.LoginService
<<<<<<< HEAD
com/cakemanager/controller/LogoutServlet.java
 com.cakemanager.controller.LogoutServlet
com/cakemanager/model/Customer.java
 com.cakemanager.model.Customer
com/cakemanager/service/RegisterService.java
 com.cakemanager.service.RegisterService
com/cakemanager/service/ICartService.java
 com.cakemanager.service.ICartService
com/cakemanager/controller/ProductDetailServlet.java
 com.cakemanager.controller.ProductDetailServlet
com/cakemanager/service/ProductService.java
 com.cakemanager.service.ProductService
com/cakemanager/controller/ManagerProductServlet.java
 com.cakemanager.controller.ManagerProductServlet
=======
com/cakemanager/service/ProductService.java
 com.cakemanager.service.ProductService
com/cakemanager/service/RegisterService.java
 com.cakemanager.service.RegisterService
com/cakemanager/service/CartService.java
 com.cakemanager.service.CartService
com/cakemanager/controller/CartServlet.java
 com.cakemanager.controller.CartServlet
com/cakemanager/controller/ProductServlet.java
 com.cakemanager.controller.ProductServlet
>>>>>>> 2650f650a7580e348055d8662f478a9bed26c1e5
